README.md, before:

# solidity-review-process

## **Solidity Code Review Process** - An clear and repeatable process for reviewing Solidity code 🔍

## Introduction 
This repo provides a clear visual process to reviewing Solidity code in the wild. This process has been designed to be repeatable and focuses on clear instructions over complex systems and methodologies. The guidelines found here a culmination of several developers in the web3 and crypto space and is open for community input.
Our **"Solidity Code Review Process"** should be followed for those developers that are trying to understand what to look for first when reviewing Solidity or a Smart contract.

This process was originally created by me (@shepardcodes) to help my fellow developers stay busy with other things. 

## Wait, not just use a static analyzer, a linter, or just read the fu*king code? 

Static analyzers are looking for security vuls, Linters are looking for coding patterns and reading the code can just suck and not provide a logical starting point. For these reasons, we created this project and this repo.

## Questions or Feedback?

Don't agree with a portion of the review process? Want to be a contributor and help other Solidity developers? The status below will help indicate to the public what the status of the project is. 

Feel free to open an Issue under our github project here: 

## Roadmap 

| Roadmap Item | Date to Reach | Released | 
|-|-|-|
| Publish Repo | 2022-10-09 | ✔ |
| Finish Readme.md Intro | 2022-10-30 | ✖ |
| Upload original Solidity Code Review Paths | 2022-10-30 | ✖ |

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Aratum Labs

Commit message:

Added Code of Conduct and updated readme.md. #2

README.md, after:

# solidity-review-process

## **Solidity Code Review Process** - An clear and repeatable process for reviewing Solidity code 🔍

## Introduction 
This repo provides a clear visual process to reviewing Solidity code in the wild. This process has been designed to be repeatable and focuses on clear instructions over complex systems and methodologies. The guidelines found here a culmination of several developers in the web3 and crypto space and is open for community input.
Our **"Solidity Code Review Process"** should be followed for those developers that are trying to understand what to look for first when reviewing Solidity or a Smart contract.

This process was originally created by me (@shepardcodes) to help my fellow developers stay busy with other things. 

## Wait, not just use a static analyzer, a linter, or just read the fu*king code? 

Static analyzers are looking for security vuls, Linters are looking for coding patterns and reading the code can just suck and not provide a logical starting point. For these reasons, we created this project and this repo.

## Questions or Feedback?

Don't agree with a portion of the review process? Want to be a contributor and help other Solidity developers? The status below will help indicate to the public what the status of the project is. 

Feel free to open an Issue under our github project here: 

## Roadmap 

| Roadmap Item | Date to Reach (Month) | Released | 
|-|-|-|
| Publish Repo | 2022-10-09 | ✔ |
| Finish Readme.md Intro for project | 2022-11 | ✖ |
| Upload original Solidity Code Review Paths | 2022-11 | ✖ |
| Fill out first logical paths | 2022-12 | ✖ |

## Code of Conduct

Community members and developers must all adhere to our general [Code Of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as they interact with each other. Please report any brenching of our Code Of Coduct policy to AratumLabs@protonmail.com or via Twitter @ 

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Aratum Labs
